Self-Hosted: start maintenance and troubleshoot guide for Kubernetes (#90)
packagist/private-packagist-docs: docs/self-hosted/kubernetes-maintenance.md

# Maintenance
## Private Packagist Self-Hosted (Kubernetes)

### Updates

> By default Replicated checks for updates every 4 hours and you can install them from the dashboard once they are available.

Reviewer: Replicated Management Console on port 8800

Shouldnt be "dashboard" only. This was a problem with the NREL user, he had absolutely no clue that this management console from KOTS exists and where to reach it. But he had the password (lol)

You can configure this behaviour under “Configure automatic updates” on the dashboard.

The [Private Packagist Self-Hosted Changelog](https://packagist.com/docs/self-hosted/changelog) details all new features,
behavior changes and major bugfixes each release introduces.

New versions that ask you to upgrade KOTS (Kubernetes Off-The-Shelf), the Replicated tool used to distribute Private Packagist,
require that you download and rerun the install script via the command below.

> #### Update KOTS for Private Packagist Self-Hosted Kubernetes without an existing cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Update KOTS for Private Packagist Self-Hosted Kubernetes in a cluster installed with kURL
```

```suggestion
#### Update KOTS for Private Packagist Self-Hosted Kubernetes in a cluster managed by kURL
```

```suggestion
#### Update KOTS for Private Packagist Self-Hosted Kubernetes in a kURL cluster
```

> Please note that running the command will take a while and that Private Packagist and the Replicated Management Console will become temporarily unavailable.

Reviewer: Kubernetes will be likely upgraded, as well.

```
curl -sSL https://k8s.kurl.sh/privatepackagistkots | bash -s

> ```

Reviewer: shall we link? https://docs.replicated.com/enterprise/updating-kurl

#### Update KOTS for Private Packagist Self-Hosted Kubernetes in an existing cluster

```
curl https://kots.io/install | bash

> ```

Reviewer: imho this does only update the cli? this then needs a second step:

```
kubectl kots admin-console upgrade -n NAMESPACE
```
where NAMESPACE is "default" in 99% of the cases and can be left out.

shall we link: https://docs.replicated.com/enterprise/updating-app-manager#update-kots-in-existing-clusters

Author: I wouldn't. That page lists other information like Air Gap installations, which might be confusing.

# Maintenance
## Private Packagist Self-Hosted (Kubernetes)

### Updates

> By default Replicated checks for updates every 4 hours and you can install them from the dashboard in the Replicated

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default Replicated checks for updates every 4 hours and you can install updates from the dashboard in the Replicated
```

Management Console on port 8800 once they are available.

> You can configure this behaviour under “Configure automatic updates” on the dashboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure this behavior under “Configure automatic updates” on the dashboard.
```

Don't we usually do American English ;-)

The [Private Packagist Self-Hosted Changelog](https://packagist.com/docs/self-hosted/changelog) details all new features,
behavior changes and major bugfixes each release introduces.

New versions that ask you to upgrade KOTS (Kubernetes Off-The-Shelf), the Replicated tool used to distribute Private Packagist,
require that you download and rerun the install script via the command below.

#### Update KOTS for Private Packagist Self-Hosted Kubernetes in a Kubernetes cluster installed with kURL

> Please note that running the command will take a while as it will also updates Kubernetes and other dependencies of Private Packagist Self-Hosted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that running the command will take a while as it will also update Kubernetes and other dependencies of Private Packagist Self-Hosted.
```
